[Music]
in 1944 in a Nazi death camp Nazi
scientist Klaus Schmidt witnesses a
young Erik Lehnsherr bend a metal gate
with his mind when he is separated from
his parents in his office
Schmidt orders luncher to move a coin on
his desk and kills the boy's mother when
Lehnsherr cannot in grief and anger
lungers magnetic power manifests killing
two guards and destroying the room
meanwhile at a mansion in Westchester
County New York child telepath Charles
Xavier meets young shapeshifter Raven
whose natural form is blue skinned and
scaly overjoyed to meet someone
different like himself he invites her to
live with his family as his foster
sister in 1962 Lehnsherr is tracking
down Schmidt while Xavier graduates from
the University of Oxford in Las Vegas
CIA officer Maura McTaggart follows US
Army Colonel Hendry into the Hellfire
Club where she sees Schmidt now known as
Sebastian Shaw with mutant telepath Emma
Frost cyclone producing Riptide and
teleporter Azazel threatened by Shaw and
teleported by his Ageless of the joint
war room Hendry advocates deployment of
nuclear missiles in Turkey Shaw an
energy-absorbing mutant whose powers
have d aged him later kills Andrey
McTaggart seeking Xavier years advice on
mutation takes him and Raven to the CIA
where they convinced director McKown
that mutants exist and chaough is a
threat another CIA officer sponsors the
mutants and invites them to the secret
division X facility McTaggart and Xavier
find Shaw as Lehnsherr is attacking him
and rescue Lehnsherr from drowning while
Shaw escapes Xavier brings luncher to
Division X where they meet young
scientist Hank McCoy who believes Ravens
DNA may provide a cure for their
appearance Xavier uses McCoy's mutant
locating device cerebro to seek recruits
against Shaw Xavier and Lehnsherr
recruit stripper angel salvadore cabby
Armando Munoz army prisoner Alex summers
and run away Sean Cassidy they all
create nicknames and Raven dubs herself
mystique when frost meets with the
Soviet General in the USSR and uses her
telepathic powers to pretend to have sex
with him Xavier and Lehnsherr capture
frost and discovered that Shaw intends
to star World War 3 that will trigger
mutant ascendancy in the extinction of
the human race
Azazel riptide and Shaw attacked
division X killing everyone but the
mutants whom Shaw invites to join him
Salvador accepts when summers and Munoz
retaliate
Shaw kills Munoz in Moscow Shaw compels
the general to have the USSR install
missiles in Cuba wearing a helmet that
blocks telepathy Shaw follows the Soviet
fleet in the submarine to ensure the
missiles breaking u.s. blockade Raven
thinking McCoy is attracted to her in
her natural form tells him not to use
the Cure when she later attempts to
seduce Lehnsherr by taking the forms of
various women Lehnsherr tell us where
she is beautiful ah she is in her
natural mutant form McCoy uses the Cure
on himself but a backfires giving him
blue fur and lion-like aspects with
McCoy piloting the mutants and McTaggart
take a jet to the blockade line where
Xavier uses his telepathy to influence a
Soviet sailor to destroy the ship
carrying the missiles and luncher uses
his magnetic power to lift Shaw's
submarine from the water and deposit it
on land during the ensuing battle
Lehnsherr seizes Shaw's helmet allowing
Xavier to immobilize Shaw Lehnsherr
tells Shaw he shares Shaw's exclusivist
view of mutants but to avenge his mother
kill Shaw over Xavier objections by
forcing the Nazi coin from his childhood
through Shaw's brain fearing the mutants
both fleets fire missiles at them which
Lehnsherr turns back in mid-flight
McTaggart tries to stop Lehnsherr by
shooting him but he deflects the bullets
one of which hits Xavier in the spine
luncher rushes to help Xavier and
distracted allows the missiles to fall
harmlessly into the ocean parting with
Xavier over there differing views on the
relationship between mutants and humans
Lehnsherr leaves with Salvador
Azazel Riptide and mystique later a
wheelchair-bound xavier and his mutants
are at the mansion where he intends to
open a school McTaggart promises never
to reveal his location and they kiss
when they kiss Xavier uses his powers
and erases their memories from her mind
elsewhere lunch her fries Frost from
confinement
I prefer
Magneto
[Music]